Oh i was scared
That it won
here you go
I was happy
Personality now and then to the Contrary to the fight on the ring
The king is a very honest child who is or is not himself
So this kind of boxing box Arai Sports
I have not been to him for six days, so let's meet for yourself with that human restriction.
I had a hard time thinking that
But the extraordinary power of Nishijima
Training that is unimaginable that it is perfect as a boxer and digs up the root yesterday
I will do well without difficulty
I like this as the chairman object to such a day island
Intrusive even tasting water Once birth to sooner're not'm Masu Ippaii
Because it must not
7 people before you're Yo of what Ah You in Japan I can cope
October 29 the second round of Nishijima was decided
Main Event Rare at Dinner Boxing
The opponent said that this is a Japanese debut
What kind of boxer is it?
Place the first time in written his real Akihiko Sato
Slightly above the screw bug is Akiko of 23-year-old Height: 180cm Weight 80 kg as a green onion class
Nishijima Riuchi and complete the thyme in this match and the debut match
Akihiko says she has kickboxing and has 13 careers at the same time she graduated from high school
Discover the crowded beat to Single fixture field where the weapon a deadly punch wearing
I have my own kick boxing career so I feel confident in that area
I have
If you say that a heavyweight punch is more dangerous than Hamano already
I would like to make use of footwork and defense
Yeah yeah yeah
On the other hand, the big dream such as the plan of the American expedition is taken off on the stage after this game and sculpted on the west side
Do what Te Chaudo' bought with two people the dream dreamed of
Downy take into push
It has anuria not pain
It will firmly bite
Good Good luck to you and everybody work hard
Only two heavyweight professional boxers who stood in Japan
The out-boxer is a bright person in the bullfighter's west wing
No matter which one wins , it will only be a powerful game
4 round care is a
The goal we want to do now is a
Landlord there is a tube
32 this sky
Deodorant for the West
Yup
hey distribution uhh uhh Uu'
All right now
ua
none
This heavyweight game is the first time in 15 years among Japanese people, but the fall of autumn is a feeling of quiet tension
But that was just a prologue
A powerful punch on the island bursts past one minute
Akiko chose dropped and Mars
The Aki' child's but guts is not enough to to take away the tremendous things still pace
Third run
Well this d lawn of punch exploded
But it seems that it is down bridge example slip
However, the game is the last while the Akihiko Chishima of Ishijima looks after receiving the name clearly Akihiko
I got a round
Let's face it-Heavy weight 4 p 4 k where Japanese players after 5 years play each other
Let's not measure the Sacher distance
Nothing Nijimaru match Nari but was medical care is not a vehicle inspection at the head of the tree
Happiness This is intense America
Well these do Dattan'n
Ushijima Yosukesan Young Lango ko won
10 weeks a tree for 2 minutes 21
rar
I will handle
yes I was not top
Carried forward
This is my last job Higashinaka
9 no is unconscious
I also have six verses
In 5 minutes and I was who was more minute was already Nishijima at the end players have been chasing
It was tedious-
Yup
It was a powerful match like 3 b class
Omiya and Nishijima, which is said to be python, are just as strong as their name
Japanese world b class champion
Might be a man of the show us the mom such a dream to west
Strong because Do not want to hope to know even was ze still
I think I will go to the world though
Aircraft in and there was that reason it is that often that
In the city title, I said "Yinard"
Not strong with the arm
wh
Sound speech or of the usual but is booby is but uh I'm very quiet
Jatte is I think you feeling that this brings eerie Come to reverse in churros champion
Gnu
I've interviewed Field 3 only once, but I'm super Kofu with Maruka
Dan is I'm a man of feeling that say gentle East
I'm good at it, I guess it might be a boxer in the world.
I'm Wataru Watanabe just like teaching this Nishijima player
It was also known as by dean
And there is also that kind of Kimo Nekko Holle, and after that, instead of ring shoes
It has a lot of things and or practice You're entering a time
It's naan Well I listened to this story It was a feeling that Nishijima Yosukesan advanced advanced
Hey I
I wonder if there is really a lot of power anywhere in the world z Fight at the level of the consonants of that world
I think I want
Well after the announcement will be sent from Kyokushin